README.md, before:

Numix uTouch icon theme
=======================

Numix uTouch is an icon theme from the [Numix project](http://numixproject.org). This theme is now being continued by [robocoder-db](https://github.com/robocoder-db)! (A.K.A DevilishDB). This is only because the theme still seemed to be popular with the community, though its popularity has faded over time. Hopefully it will become popular again now that it's being continued.

Licensed under the GPL-3.0+

Installation
------------

uTouch 3 is not yet available on the Numix PPA (but it hopefully will be soon!). If you still want to use uTouch 2 on Ubuntu or any of it's derivatives (including Mint and elementary OS) you can use the PPA. Fire up a Terminal and run the following:

```
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:numix/ppa
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install numix-icon-theme-utouch
```

Icon Requests
-------------

You can request icons by using the Numix-Technic [GitHub Issues page](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-icon-theme-technic/issues). These Numix-Technic icons will then later appear in Numix-uTouch, since Technic is the base project. Please include the name of the icon (`icon=...` in the `.desktop` file), the webpage if applicable and the default icon (an image or a link to an image).

Hardcoded Icons
---------------

To deal with hardcoded application icons Numix uses the [hardcode-fixer](https://github.com/Foggalong/hardcode-fixer) script. A list of the applications supported by the script that Numix also covers can be found [here](https://github.com/Foggalong/hardcode-fixer/blob/master/data/themes/numix.md).

Commit message:

Brought README up to date

README.md, after:

# Numix uTouch

Numix uTouch is an icon theme from the [Numix project](http://numixproject.org). The theme isn't actively maintained anymore (we'd recommend you use [Circle](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-icon-theme-circle)) but you can use it from here if you wish. This readme provides information on [installation](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-icon-theme-utouch/#installation), [icon requests](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-icon-theme-utouch/#icon-requests) and [hardcoded icons](https://github.com/numixproject/numix-icon-theme-utouch/#hardcoded-icons). Licensed under the GPL-3.0+

### Installation

Because uTouch is no longer actively maintained the only way to install it is through `git`. Here's how you do that:

```bash
cd ~/.local/share/icons
git clone https://github.com/numixproject/numix-icon-theme-utouch.git
mv numix-icon-theme-utouch/Numix-uTouch .
rm -rf numix-icon-theme-utouch LICENSE README.md
```

### Icon Requests
For normal applications follow [this video tutorial](https://plus.google.com/+NumixprojectOrg/posts/DkRmhFZuWez), for Steam games follow [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuUy4CzCoXc) and for Chrome apps just post a link to the webstore page. For non-app requests try to include as much information (especially icon names) as possible to make our job easier.

### Hardcoded Icons
To deal with hardcoded application icons Numix uses the [hardcode-fixer](https://github.com/Foggalong/hardcode-fixer) script. A list of the applications supported by the script can be found [here](https://github.com/Foggalong/hardcode-fixer/wiki/App-Support). To deal with hardcoded status icons Numix recommends you use the [Hardcode Tray](https://github.com/bil-elmoussaoui/Hardcode-Tray) script.
